<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <head>      
    </head>
    <body>
        <ui:composition>            
                <div id="footer_site">             
                <table style="width:100%">
                <tr>
                <th class="footertitles">FA-Auction </th>
                <th class="footertitles">Our services</th>
                <th class="footertitles">Contacts</th>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                <td class="footerdes"> <p>Welcome to FA-Auction! We're a fun and exciting, fast-paced auction website. 
              FA-Auction was started in July 2016 as an attempt to improve the Internet auction model by making
              it more exciting, safer, and more reliable. We're based out of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and our 
              goal as a business is simple: To provide an exciting online auction model with better deals for 
              the consumer than any other website in existence.</p> 
                </td>
                <td class="footerdes"><p>FA Auction specializes in selling government and municipal surplus by online auction.
            FA Auction Is:
            To provide superior auction services, both online and live, to our clients, consignors and the 
            general public, by exhibiting the highest degree of professionalism, knowledge, and auction skill 
            in all aspects of the auction process while also treating both buyers and sellers with equality, 
            fairness and honesty.</p>
                </td>
                <td class="footerdes"> <p> <b>Phones:</b> 210–123–2323. 210–123–2323. Mon-Fri from 9 am to 5 pm EST. </p>     
                           <p><b>Email:</b> info@fa-auction.com </p>
                           <p><b>Address:</b> Santiago Bernabéu, L10. BUSES. ZIP: 239098</p>         
                </td>
              </tr> 
            </table>             
            </div>           
        <div id="footercpr">
            <h3>© FA-Auction | All Rights Reserved © Copyright 2016. Fwkiwn Zikidis and Aris Zafeiratis</h3>
            <h:graphicImage id="cssv" library="images" name="vcss.gif"/> 
            <h:graphicImage id="ssl_icon" library="images" name="ssl_icon.png"/> 
        </div> 
        </ui:composition>    
    </body>
</html>
